The main content of today's meeting is allocation
The work of the press conference
Yang Yijie
You arrange to invite the stars in.
Xu Zeyu, you arrange the backstage.
Got it.
Wang Lei, you and Lin Yue arrange the order on site.
The regiment and I are at least a minister
You actually arranged a security fire for me
Yes!
Do you still care about our minister?
I haven't become the general manager yet
Just bully people
You figure it out
I'm the head of the press conference.
Do what I tell you to do
If you are not satisfied, you can quit.
you
Okay, we'll see. Huh?
What do you want from me?
Can you tell me?
How did Antou prepare for this press conference?
Better to say something confidential
You said it was classified
How could I possibly tell you?
Aren't you inseparable from him?
How could you not know?
You'd better help me keep an eye on An Tong
I want to know his every move
If you don't do as I say
I will send the video to An Tong.
And guess what? He watched this video.
Will I still be with you?
Humph